Update remove-licenses-from-users.md (#966)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/manage/remove-licenses-from-users.md

- When a license is removed from a user, mailbox data that is associated with that  account is held for 30 days. After the 30-day grace period, the data is deleted and can't be recovered. Files that are saved in OneDrive or SharePoint Online aren't deleted.

   Also, the user's mailbox is no longer searchable by using an eDiscovery tool such as Content Search or Advanced eDiscovery when the license is removed. For more information, see the "Searching disconnected or de-licensed mailboxes" section in [Content Search in Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/content-search#searching-disconnected-or-de-licensed-mailboxes).

- If you have an Enterprise subscription, like Office 365 Enterprise E3, Exchange Online lets you preserve the mailbox data of a deleted user account by using [inactive mailboxes](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/inactive-mailboxes-in-office-365). For more information, see [Create and manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/create-and-manage-inactive-mailboxes).

> - For information about OneDrive deletion process, See [OneDrive retention and deletion](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/onedrive/retention-and-deletion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For information about the OneDrive deletion process, see [OneDrive retention and deletion](https://docs.microsoft.com/onedrive/retention-and-deletion).
```
